The princess will come back from Huai Palace in the evening
This will be taking the housekeeper.
Help prepare the trail for His Royal Highness King Huai
Why did you start preparing for entry so early?
The princess said that she can't be around these days
Let's get ready first
Wait until then
He can also represent the palace
Go and help Empress Lu Fei
To say that our princess is really virtuous and virtuous
When King Huai was seriously ill
He often takes care of
Beat him in the mirror
Oh, the prince has this virtuous concubine
Inherited again
In the future, the emperor will establish a prince, wouldn't it be?
The matter of closing the master
Please be unrighteous
The old man retires
Is it true
Yuan Qingming said
Just marry me
I want the princess or even the queen
This king has done so much before
It's normal for him to be angry
This king can't just give up
See the prince get up
The princess has something to do today
The sun is just right today
Why don't we go to the lake to enjoy the scenery?
not going
Since you don't like the oil can
Then we'll go.
prince
The prince is not good
King Huai's condition worsens
Always slippers
I'm afraid it won't work. What?